# Polymorphism-Virtual-Function-Templated-Class

Avishai Rostamian

  This program is designed to take advantage of polymorphism, classes, subclasses, and virtual functions. Through a compilation of subclasses made up of a parent class we are able to create a generic constructor and have it be used for specific cases. In this example the generic constructor is made from our Restaurant class in which we establish attributes to a restaurant including its name, price, and food menu. We are able to modify the information for each subclass or restaurant through the main by taking advantage of an override function. This function modifies the data as requested through the use of a templated class. The template can take in any restaurant and run the override function inputting the specific data as requested. The function as well prints out all the information for the specific subclass or in this case restaurant.

  Starting from the top of the code we declare our parent class “Restaurant” which is composed of variables including, name, price, and a food array. We then created a constructor for our class which gives a value to our variables. The constructor sets a pointer of our variables to the inputted variables (this->). We then established our virtual function which will be used later in the code which is why it is set to equal 0. Underneath are our subclasses which inherit the properties (our constructor) of the parent class Restaurant. This is done via polymorphism which allows us to use the parent constructor which has different values set for our variables. We then establish an override function which reads our variables or our subclasses properties overriding any other subclasses values and only outputs the selected one. We then created a template which takes in any class and sets it as an object. We then establish a function which takes that object and runs our virtual function outputting our subclasses data again with the use of our override function. In the main we run the code as followed, creating objects for our subclasses, changing any data as requested and running the objects through our template which does its job (running the virtual function and outputting the data).
